Add autoscaling to free tier (#1977)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/ai/ai-scale-with-neon.md

| 9                  | 9    | 36 GB | 604 MB               |
| 10                 | 10   | 40 GB | 671 MB               |

> See [Edit a compute](/docs/manage/endpoints#edit-a-compute) to learn how to configure your compute size. Available compute sizes differ according to your Neon plan. The Neon Free Tier supports computes starting at 0.25 vCPU with 1 GB RAM, up to 2 vCPU with 8 GB RAM with autoscaling enabled. The Launch plan offers compute sizes up to 4 vCPU with 16 GB RAM. Larger computes are available on the Scale plan. See [Neon plans](/docs/introduction/plans).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Edit a compute](/docs/manage/endpoints#edit-a-compute) to learn how to configure your compute size. Available compute sizes differ according to your Neon plan. The Neon Free Tier supports computes starting at 0.25 CU, up to 2 CU with 8 GB RAM with autoscaling enabled. The Launch plan offers compute sizes up to 4 CU. Larger computes are available on the Scale plan. See [Neon plans](/docs/introduction/plans).
```
